refactor!: data loaders use GetGoodView positioning procedure only (#287)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/how-monty-works/policy.md

- Contains a search-loop function that will orient around to find an object, even if it is not visible in the view-finder.
- The key parameter is `desired_object_distance`, which reflects the effective length of the agent and its sensors as it moves along the surface of the object.

### Planned Changes to the Positioning Procedures
As the positioning procedures were implemented in the early development of Monty, there are a number of aspects which we plan to adjust in the near future, and which should be reflected in any new positioning procedures.
1) Positioning procedures should only be called in `pre_episode`, i.e. before the episode begins.
2) Positioning procedures may make use of privileged information such as the view-finder and semantic-sensor, which are not available to the learning module. However, consistent with point (1), these should not be leveraged during learning or inference by the Monty agent.

> These requirements are currently not enforced in the use of `GetGoodView` and `touch_object` when an agent jumps to a location using a model-based policy. Similarly, `touch_object` is used by the surface agent if it loses contact with the object and cannot find it. Appropriately separating out the role of utility functions via the above requirements will clarify their role, and enable policies that do not make use of privileged information, but which serve similar purposes during an experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These requirements are currently not enforced in the use of `GetGoodView` and `touch_object` when an agent jumps to a location using a model-based policy. Similarly, `touch_object` is used by the surface agent if it loses contact with the object and cannot find it. Appropriately separating out the role of positioning procedures via the above requirements will clarify their role, and enable policies that do not make use of privileged information, but which serve similar purposes during an experiment.
```
